# 96-wells


## Project Setup
To run this project please clone the repository and run:

```sh
npm install
```
to install the dependencies.

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development
To view and interact with the prototype type the following in the terminal:

```sh
npm run dev
```
## What I Built
I used Vue.JS with Vite and Tailwind.CSS to make a virtual well plate scientists could use to refer to as they prepare their experiements.

### User Journey
The assumed User Journey I had in mind was:

1. Scientists upload their plate layout to the app.

2. Plate layout data is parsed into x,y coordinates and sample_id. Ideally this would be carried out by a javascript function, but I did this in excel and exported the CSV nn_plate_layout.csv.

3. Scientists refer to the virtual well plate generated by the app.

### Functionality
Users can view a list of unique samples in the left panel and their corresponding positions on the virtual well plate on the right. Users may also interact with the cells of the well-plate to check which well contains what sample. The coordinates of each well is displayed on hover, and when selected the corresponding sample_id is displayed at the top of the right panel. 

## Additional Features I Could Have Implemented
1. Upload a plate layout fucntionality and flow.

2. Check off samples that have already been done and grey-out their corresponding cells on the virtual plate.

3. For this exercise I was really focused on getting it working so I neglected the UI design. I would have liked to explore different ways the virtual plate could be highlighted on hover, and think about how the user may be interacting with the app in the lab which may have influenced how I displayed the information e.g. users may be unable to scroll through samples with gloves on(?).

### More Ideas
- Since each well likely consists of more than one component, the list on the left panel could filtered by component e.g. selecting 'Carbon' will highlight all the wells that require 'Carbon'.